Add extra information for npm version (#17)
gkapfham/www.warmups.dev: README.md

npm run build              # Build the entire site
```

> This `npm` needs to be version 10.22.0, so you first have to make sure that you're entering these commands with that

Reviewer: This should be `node`, rather than `npm`.

npm run build              # Build the entire site
```

This Node.js needs to be version 10.22.0, so you first have to make sure that you're entering these commands with that
version. To do that, in your bash terminal, enter the following to install that version and use it:

```bash
nvm install 10.22.0
```

> [nvm](https://heynode.com/tutorial/install-nodejs-locally-nvm) stands for Node Version Manager, and it acts like pipenv for Python, where it allows you to switch between different `Node.js` versions. `Node.js` is a runtime environment that runs websites by executing Javascript code. [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) stands for Node Package Manager, where it keeps track of all of the modules within the web application that `Node.js` recognizes.

Reviewer: Because the success of the commands above this section depend on the correct version of node, maybe this should be moved above the `npm` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[nvm](https://heynode.com/tutorial/install-nodejs-locally-nvm) stands for Node Version Manager, and it acts like pipenv for Python, where it allows you to switch between different `Node.js` versions. `Node.js` is a runtime environment that runs websites by executing Javascript code. [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) stands for Node Package Manager, which keeps track of all of the modules within a web application.
```

Reviewer: Also, could "where it keeps track of all of the modules within the web application that `Node.js` recognizes" become "which keeps track of all of the modules within a web application"?

Reviewer: I think the main problem I saw with the last sentence was the `where it keeps`, which wasn't changed in your fix. I think `which keeps` would make more grammatical sense. Also, `it acts like pipenv for Python, where it allows` should probably be `it acts like pipenv for Python, which allows`.

npm run build              # Build the entire site
```

> This node needs to be version 10.22.0, so you first have to make sure that you're entering these commands with that

Reviewer: Perhaps it would be clearer to have "node" be "Node.js" here since it's the first time Node.js is mentioned.

version. To do that, in your bash terminal, enter the following to install that version and use it:

```bash
nvm install 10.22.0
```

`nvm` stands for Node Version Manager, and it acts like pipenv for Python, where it allows you to switch between different `Node.js` versions. `Node.js` a runtime environment that runs websites by executing Javascript code.

> ## Node.js References

Reviewer: What do you think about embedding these links in the paragraph above instead of in their own separate section?
